The Joe Rogan.
Experience. Even three people is too many people. Probably. Yeah, it is.
It's like, if you want to get to know someone,
it's a one-on-one because even with three people,
you're there's moments where you have something to say,
and then someone interjects something else,
and then you lose your point and then you don't express it.
And then the other person's talking and you don't know when to,
and then you find yourself being a little bit more assertive in the way you talk
is just trying to get your point across. You feel like I'm not,
you nailing it talking enough. And then if there's four people you're.
Like the most ridiculous thing they ever do is when they have those seven people
panels and one person just starts chiming in and
screaming out loud and they're talk over people. And.
But they're also talking about,
because I had one foot in cable news for a long time. Still do. I mean,
I still go on.
And then I had my long form radio show where I would talk to policy experts.
It was very like the, the ti like right now,
when they're talking about the polls for the presidential race is anybody that's
paying attention to that is wasting their time.
It's a complete waste of time to about who's leading in what poll a year away.
It's a year away. You could have aterroris attack. You have the economy,
crack people.
Like it for a game. It's not a game. Okay. But it is a game.
If you're watching basketball,
do you not pay attention to the first minute of the game?
Cause it doesn't really matter.
What's really important is how many points are scored over the four quarters.
Those there four quarters of.
A basketball game. I think there might be two have college of college of pro.
But.
The point is it's, this is a weird game going on. Like Kamala Harris was ahead.
Now she's. Like this is fun. It's fun for people. This is half of what it is.
I don't, I know it's serious. I know it's significant.
I know there's grave consequences to picking the wrong leader,
but this is a game. Right. But.
It's a game. Cuz as you said earlier,
the reason why Kamala Harris or anybody else takes a step backwards is because
one stupid moment and how are we possibly picking somebody on one?
Not with pamelamala Harris. There there's a bunch of different issues. Sure.
Yeah. But.
But often, I mean, Howard Dean, come on. I mean, have you,
have you listened to that? It never gets old. It never gets old whole never,
ever. But it is weird that it is weird that this day and age, that,
that crashed him. Well,
given everything that all these other candidates have done and said. Yeah.
But honestly there's probably something else.
It's how he responded to that as well is like he showed a,
a lack of humility or understanding of what it was like. Yeah. I sounded stupid.
That's not what important. What's important ladies and gentlemen. Yeah. Yeah.
I screamed out like when he got a microphone on me and uh, I get excited. I go,
yeah.
The, the,
I mean you can also talk just about the ego of the people who are running for
these offices and they don't seem to have an understanding of the idea of ego
and what it means and how they should try to separate from it while using it.
Like once you get into Paul S much less entertainment and you get really
well known and fame,
you start believing things about yourself that aren't even remotely true.
They're not at the root, some of that. Right?
Huh? There's certainly some of that.
A feel like they all have that protecting yourself. Right.
You're you have an image you're protecting yourself. Yeah. It's.
It's a delicate dance that I, uh, am completely turned off by. I mean, thats,
why it's understand.
It's hard to think about like I'm I was seriously considering running for
Congress cuz you were or are I it's hard right now because I
learned some crazy. What'd.
You learn? Dun dun dun uh, first of all, drum roll please.
The, the corruption I live in New York state, wait.
A minute, New York. State's not corrupt the.
New York state stop.
The stop. This show.
All of, all of, you know, politics there's levels of corruption. But the, the,
in the New York state democratic party, there's always been all kinds of issues.
So I be,
I met with a whole bunch of really smart people about running for New York 17,
which is the district that I live in.
Like the day after I lost my gig at Sirius,
the woman had been representing that district for 33 years,
announced that she was retiring. And I was like, well, I got,
I got nothing going on.
And I've always thought about running for office and let me, you know,
seriously consider it.
I reached out to a whole bunch of people from all different walks of life,
congressmen that were in office that had been out of office, uh,
campaign coordinators. I talked to Chris Cuomo.
I talked to a whole bunch of people,
but there's one person told me that if you wanna, if you wanna win,
regardless of already affiliation, uh, you have to, there's a certain,
uh,
special interest group that you had to promise you wouldn't interfere with and
make sure they got an envelope of cash. And I'm like, well, I'm not doing that.
I will tell everybody. And everywhere I go about that, what is it?
I can't because I don't have a second source. So I wouldn't say it,
but when I'm, I'm trying, trying to get one to.
Prove that's true. It, what does it rhyme with?
Uh, the special interest group. Yes, won't do it.
Cuz he'll just everybody'll know. Everybody'll know and it's, it's dangerous,
but the point is the point is.
What's it, the, what's the opposite of that special interest group?
Uh, maybe the private sector. Right.
But what would be like, what, what would be like't I will tell you if I,
if I think that they're.
Opposed to,
what would they be that they're opposed to you interfering with you interfering
with the way that they run their.
Show. Right, right, right, right. But I'm saying like what,
what group that we know would be opposed to, well, I could, I.
Could tell you it could be a religious group, uh, a pride of it sector,
a union or a company, you know, a corporate interest. It could be any,
one of the, the point is a C L U the point.
Now the point is that all of those types of organizations,
pressure that you have to, I'm an honest guy. I can't, I can't lie.
I've never said anything into a microphone that I don't, I don't believe.
And that's been, but it to my detriment and to my benefit,
I think I'm authentic. So when I was talking about running for office,
my brother's like, you got, you can't, you can't lie.
You can't be dishonest to people. How are you gonna do that?
You'll have to sell out at least a little bit. That was the other thing.
And then I realized, I'm not sure that this district or, you know,
the country's ready for someone like me. I'm a comic,
I've said a billion things on TV, into a microphone and on stage.
And we are in a humorless country right now. Number one, I smoke pot. Like,
are they ready for, for tho? Are we there yet? I don't.
Think we're humorless. I disagree. I think there's a lot of criticism going on,
but that's cuz there's a lot of politic politic.
For, do you think, I agree with you overall, but I mean, for politicians,
for me to run for office and you see some standup bit I did or something,
and then my opponent's playing that outta context, dude.
I got five words for you. Grab them by the that guy's the president.
I think he is an aberration. I do.
I don't think there's anything else that can get away with that kind of stuff.
Well.
I think, I think you're probably right. He's definitely an aberration, but.
Uh, I just think Al Franken won as a Senator, as a comedian,
but he was a writer like there wasn't a ton of,
and he got in trouble when there was a photo of him.
I've said, well, more than a photo, there was actually all.
The allegations. But the, but the photo, you know, perception,
politics is perception and,
and whatever people see it's different than what they hear and what they
believe. And so that's the point that photo was harmless,
but it looked bad just like any joke I've said or anything that I've said outta
context. So I just feel like, and then I thought that it, you know, I,
they could destroy me in any future earning potential that I could have.
I just, the second episode of my podcast, I interviewed Tim Ryan,
you know who he is. He was running for president cuz I was asking,
what does it take? And it's, first of all, you gotta run.
You gotta raise a million dollars from people and individuals. You don't like,
you don't wanna be affiliated with, but you have to,
you gotta make 'em promises that the whole system is so filled and corrupted
with money in almost every district in every state, regardless of the office.
And how do you, how does a person I'm a fairly affluent guy.
I'm a white, straight guy, whatever. But I couldn't,
I don't know how I can afford to apply for a job for a year and pay
mymortgage. So I wanna do it if it looks feasibl bull. Uh,
and if I don't have to take care of my family, my parents, uh, not to mention,
you know, pay my bills. Uh, but it's you,
you have to be an independently wealthy person,
which sucks because reg it makes it much harder for regular people.
There's plenty of exceptions to run for, for.
Office. Now, when you say that you had to give them a,
an envelope and that you had to, what did you have to do?
Did you have to support.
Them through intermediariesiaries you have to say basically you have to
basically say I'm not gonna interfere with your business.
We'll just look the other way,
which is had to say that like that's what I'm told. That was what I was told by.
How are you told this? Are you told this like, Hey,
if you ever wanna be Congressman yep. You have.
To do this. You don't have to. But if you,
but if you don''t wanna win it's you're far more likely to win. If you,
if you pay off these more likely it's not impossible, but they'll,
they'll try to destroy you if you don't really. Yeah. And I can't, it's like,
Joe.
They'll just go.
After you. You can Des if, if it's just me.
Why can't you say who this is? Because.
It's only because I Don' know if it's positively true. I need another source.
I try to act like a journalist and someone.
Who's the intermediary, like what kind of person is this?
He, he manages campaigns in that district.
He knows everything about the politics of, and the, and special in just in.
That district. So it could potentially be that he's hoeing you out. Absolutely.
Which is why I won't tell you because, and once.
He's saying that so that he's, he's like sort of playing both sides. So he goes.
He wanted me to run and.
He wants sure. I'm sure he did,
but he might also want to maintain his relationshippossible with what a group.
This is. So he says, Hey, I've gotten a ssurance.
Knowing this guy. I don't think he, he he's affiliated with that group,
but it's possible. And, and so I try to, you know,
have journalistic ethics before I would say something,
I'll tell you off the mic. Okay. But I, but I wouldn't,
can't wait for the show to be over.
But I wouldn't say without having a second source, like that's,
what's irresponsible about so much of our media, right? Like when,
when or anybody says fake news, it's like, listen, it's not it. You can't,
if you have to have two sources,
you go to your editor with those two sources and then you can print it.
You can't make them up. If you make up a source.
Y you're you're you're like mania, that's it. You're done. You can't,
that's like stealing a joke. You can't make up a source.
You'll never work again. It would be a stupid to do worse.
You make up a joke. I mean, uh, if you make up a, a source, I mean, you,
you literally wouldnt do it. Can't work. Then C is still working. Fair enough.
People do work after.
They steal jokes, journalism and comedians yeah. Are a lot different.
But that's.
Of, I mean, it's the worst. If you, if,
if someone finds that you making up a source.
Yeah. Nobody does it. And,
and the few in the few instances where someone did make up a,
a source or even plagiarize,
which are the two worst things you can do as journalists, they never work again.
Right. Or they don't work for a very long time, you know, Johan,
har he's been on your show. He's been on my show.
Uh-huh <affirmative> he was accused of, uh, of some, like,
I think it was plagiarism. Yeah. And it took him a really long time to,
to win his integrity back.
Yeah. That I didn't find that out actually until after he'd been on the show the
second time. Yeah. But like, what was great guy? He's a great guy,
but what was he.
Accused of? I don't remember. It was,
I feel like it might have been plagiarism though. Mm. And,
and that kind of thing, the point is that kind of thing ruins you.
And so I wouldn't come here and do that, even though I don't,
I wouldn't call myself a journalist, but I would want,
because what you're saying, cuz you're smart. I'm very skeptical too,
of people and their source of what their interests are.
And a lot of people really want me to run for Congress for a lot of different
reasons.
But mainly cuz they think I can tap my network of wealthy people and you know,
they can make money. Well.
Love Trump or hate Trump.
That is precisely what he was talking about when he said drain the swamp.
Now this is the swamp, this sort of,
this sort of con voluted world of influence.
Well yes and no, the swamp. Yeah.
But it's also money and all the other things that he didn't drain.
And he actually brought in people that.
Were, he made the swamp swampier way filled with malaria and
crocodiles. Like, like I always, we don't even define things.
Unfortunately we don't have the same baseline,
unfortunately in this country of what,
what words mean mm-hmm <affirmative> but I've always thought what that meant was
government, uh,
corruption that the private sector is influencing government because, and,
and the way that they obviously do it,
the system that we have is you have to get money from wealthy people and wealthy
interests. And then you have to advocate for them,
whatever the interest is you have to, or they won't give you more money.
And so that's, what's beautiful about Elizabeth Warren, Bernie Sanders,
they are not allowing any donations from any, uh,
super PACS from any, uh, wealthy individuals. It's it's grassroots.
And that's think Chelsea's doing that as well. Yeah. I have of the,
the whole democratic party, mostly committed to it.
Mm-hmm I don't think Biden's doing it. Uh, but the, if Biden was doing it.
I don't think he remembers.
I totally agree with that, by the way, dude's out.